hey guys everyone hey guys hey guys hey
guys it's dark spider
hey guys dark spider David here bringing
you another redo review of the
Transformers movie line the first
transformers from 2007 here we'll be
taking a look at the looks class swindle
swindle did not appear in the movie if
you guys recall but he did appear in the
transformers video game however not and
all you know platforms
he is a sports core the first figure
that I'm actually reviewing that has a
mode or vehicle mode well like I said
he's a sports car he's a red sports car
and that's pretty much that pretty much
sums it up
I mean when it comes to detail in
vehicle mode this guy has almost none
yes I'm silver decal here on the door
which looks pretty cool pretty sports
car like which is what it's supposed to
be but an that doesn't have that much
detail except for maybe the front grille
here some translucent lights the
Decepticon logo and silver detailing
here at the here in the back on both
sides actually there it is again and we
actually have it one more time in purple
here at the hood he does have
translucent windows and windshields but
of course there's no car exterior in
fact one thing there's actually in a
interior at all almost the gaping hole
you can flip it up actually there's just
a tiny bit of robot kibble but not too
much as showing fortunately have some
pretty good wheels there pretty good
rims as well what's on play nicely
awesome he has one slight gimmick but
it's mostly it's not meant to be used in
his vehicle mode much like his robot
mode
that's his little gray tab right here
and when you press it out comes out his
blaster and he's got a little Batmobile
action going there yeah like that back
in and that's pretty much it for his
vehicle one pretty good but very very
simple and sometimes simple is good but
at least not for a feeder like this so
with that being said I'm gonna go ahead
and transform them onto his Robo mode
first thing I'm gonna do is on pop the
doors
from the main body you're gonna take the
whole piece of the door and the front
wheels and gently tug on them to remove
them and flip them forwards same thing
with the other one come on there we go
take out the owners from inside that
would look creepy I mean what if your
sports car did that or your car in
general I mean what if it pulled out
bigger arms and started grabbing you
then you're gonna take the whole front
portion of the car and simply detach it
from the top
separating right here at the roof and
rotate it forward like so and just leave
it there for the meanwhile ain't gonna
take these two pieces right here and I'm
popped in from the main center you got
this
flip this upwards they ain't gonna take
what are gonna be the legs and rotate
them like so then you're gonna take this
piece right here rotate all the way
that's gonna be his foot and flip this
piece inwards same thing with the other
one no wait
good one there you go dang it up take up
the healing back and that's sure I'll
see now pops it back in
I'm pup the heel like I said right there
and stand them up so you know standing
up figures when you're transforming them
makes it a lot easier we pan up the
camera
I mean who agrees with me on that are
you gonna take the center portion that I
took before that I flipped up and you're
gonna fit it into that gaping hole right
there in the center fit it in there
whoops I you know did the gimmick not
supposed to do the gimmick yet take this
piece rotate down let's hit the arms
down
little bit tricky when it comes to these
figures all right so it's time for his
autumn morph gimmick which was very
popular nor popular at least in the
Transformers movie toy line to
Activision tomorrow autumn morph
basically just press on the roof of the
car and okay see now that didn't come
out right all right I think I know what
the problem is
move this upwards to leave some space
right here like I said before press on
his rooftop and his head will pop out
simply press this all the way back press
the roof to his back put the top portion
down to get this in flush and we just
get him situated here and here we have
Swindell and Robo mode
he is a drone meaning he's not actually
one of the main characters as much as he
is more like a slack II like a scout
someone that you know the Decepticon
sent to get some information take some
photographs most likely due to his
cycloptic head he sports the same color
scheme of course some more grey here and
there details not so good which was the
same as vehicle mode unfortunately
articulation is average I have to say
you know you can move the basic horn
basic elbow you can move the hand up and
down but that's almost it you can't
rotate it fortunately he's got little
foot moving I guess you could consider
that his foot some band that they need
and move up the leg up and down you
can't actually move the waist which is
partly transformation but of course
since is you know you cannot move the
head unfortunately he is stuck you know
I could kind of toggle like so but you
can actually move the head that really
bites
where's gimmick of course the gimmick is
the same thing as his vehicle mode but
it's much more
meant for this modem really you reach
over here in the back and depress in the
gray tab and his uh ion cannon I think
it was called
I cannot remember exactly pops out and
he could you know shoot people
so swindle you know not the best of the
fears but fortunately not the worst so
with that being said I'm gonna give him
a 7 point 5 out of 10 which is AC you
know it passes it's a it's a pretty good
figure pretty decent and uh he barely
makes that as a keeper so that's it for
this review guys hope you guys enjoyed I
subscribe post a comment let me know
what you guys think and I'll see you
guys later